you
hey guys I'm at shot show walking
through the basement with a lot of crazy
stuff down here the big boys are
upstairs but I think all the cool stuff
is down here and that bill tell me what
you got man and the park coolers and
cell let's take a look you know they
they last a lifetime so unconditional
lifetime this is our 26th court this is
going to hold a case of 12 ounce cans
and a bag of ice in there so that is
really thick there and a half inch thick
on sides three inches top and bottom all
the things that are eventually going to
fail over time these are internal
latches they're rubber so if you break
those we send you replacements from life
now yet all the different sizes here are
there more you have we start out 24 size
let's go through all of them our
personal size cooler is the smallest one
you guys make this is the smallest one
now it's kind of your personal lunchbox
go over your man that's like a man man
lunchbox right there
three-quarter inch carrying handle on
the back of all of our coolers comes
with a cargo net of standard the next
size we have is our is our 26 port which
is a little to showcase okay 26
our 44 so that Jerry cord the suitcase
is a cans 15 pound bag of ice the next
size up of beer 58 4
so just more about weekend cooler
you'll be able to mix drinks they
include in this one nice ice
larger series is over 75 for
and that's inside dimensions on that
sure so a lot of our competitors will
say 75 but that's just a number ours is
actually inside dimensions versus
outside and then thing with a Cadillac
let's take a look at this 140 cores nice
fishermen out there might like this
salmon
oh I see that you can actually lock it
so certified Bruzzi proof so you that's
a grizzly prove I like write our
standard codes are white and green and
hot pink and then we also have a lot of
team colors as well great place to to
support your local football team coastal
team this is brand new we are coolers
laughs a lifetime so once you sell a
customer cooler you've got to be able to
sell more gadgets so will you come out
with is a basic molle system you got
your basic wrap we're going to send you
the ticker tape which says drill here
once you get your basic hardware on
about 12 different accessories anything
from a flashlight bowler to a fiscal
border couch bags first aid kit my
favorite it's a cell phone
recharge system eight thousand milliamp
battery micro USB charger will charge
your cell phone four or five times when
you run out of that power
you've got your solar power there so
this is the basic guess of a hybrid
system
they're so not only raps on to you know
but this can go directly
oh nice ready to go nice so all these
accessories is what you guys sell so
we're gadget it like our gurus will come
out with a full camping line hunting
line fishing line
some just different accessories so the
guys out there that throw this in the
back of their Jeep or their truck
whatever they could literally just grab
this and go because it has everything
all attached to them and if you buy
yourself all the items we didn't even
showcase here is our new clover lift so
rise and lower the other things are
heavy
so the basic premise is you load it on
the ground you pump it up to town
tailgate - now you're moving your cooler
anywhere you need to go so you can find
all the information about this at work
or foolish calm great
you